[Sentence]	Create for loop that runs 10 times 
Relations 
loop(NN) with for(IN) has relation case
Create(VB) with loop(NN) has relation nmod:for
runs(VBZ) with that(WDT) has relation nsubj
loop(NN) with runs(VBZ) has relation acl:relcl
times(NNS) with 10(CD) has relation compound
runs(VBZ) with times(NNS) has relation dobj
[Sentence]	Create a for loop that runs 9 times 
Relations 
Create(VB) with a(DT) has relation dobj
loop(NN) with for(IN) has relation case
a(DT) with loop(NN) has relation nmod:for
runs(VBZ) with that(WDT) has relation nsubj
a(DT) with runs(VBZ) has relation acl:relcl
times(NNS) with 9(CD) has relation compound
runs(VBZ) with times(NNS) has relation dobj
[Sentence]	Create for loop that runs x times 
Relations 
loop(NN) with for(IN) has relation case
Create(VB) with loop(NN) has relation nmod:for
runs(VBZ) with that(WDT) has relation nsubj
loop(NN) with runs(VBZ) has relation acl:relcl
times(NNS) with x(NN) has relation compound
runs(VBZ) with times(NNS) has relation dobj
[Sentence]	Create a for loop that runs x times 
Relations 
Create(VB) with a(DT) has relation dobj
loop(NN) with for(IN) has relation case
a(DT) with loop(NN) has relation nmod:for
runs(VBZ) with that(WDT) has relation nsubj
a(DT) with runs(VBZ) has relation acl:relcl
times(NNS) with x(NN) has relation compound
runs(VBZ) with times(NNS) has relation dobj
[Sentence]	Create while loop that runs 10 times 
Relations 
loop(NN) with while(IN) has relation case
Create(VB) with loop(NN) has relation nmod:while
runs(VBZ) with that(WDT) has relation nsubj
loop(NN) with runs(VBZ) has relation acl:relcl
times(NNS) with 10(CD) has relation compound
runs(VBZ) with times(NNS) has relation dobj
[Sentence]	Create a while loop that runs 9 times 
Relations 
loop(NN) with a(DT) has relation det
loop(NN) with while(NN) has relation compound
Create(VB) with loop(NN) has relation dobj
runs(VBZ) with that(WDT) has relation nsubj
loop(NN) with runs(VBZ) has relation acl:relcl
times(NNS) with 9(CD) has relation compound
runs(VBZ) with times(NNS) has relation dobj
